作文套话

#### 下定义 

抽象概念，先下定义，什么叫领袖能力（what comprises leadership? ）
1，领袖能力是组织能力（how to orgnize activities）。那么组织能力是可以培养的。
2，是坚持（tenacity）。那么经历挫折人可以获得坚韧不拔的能力。
3，最重要的是责任感（responsibility）。责任感也可以通过不断的锻炼获得。

### 友谊的模板

开头可以 To begin with, 

让步用 undoubtedly,

毫无疑问, 对立观点有好处, 想象一下好处一, 无论时间, 无论 地点. 

Undoubtedly,(对立观点的好处). Just imagine that ( 具体描述好处 ; whoever we meet, we can 如何如何). 好处一 and 好处二.   After all, if (出现了什么,我们还可以什么). Moreover, new friends also mean that xxx , which can xxxx. (好处, 更开阔的视野, 可以帮助我们获得信息, 多样化看待事情)  特别的, 当我们如何如何, 我们有问题, 相反, 有xxx,  我们可以 获得xxx .  Specifically, when we  xxx , if there, the solution can be limited(会有缺点). In contrast, with the presence of a variety of friends, we can gain more suggestions and even sources. To some extent, the argument seems to be perfect. (欲扬先抑, 先说多朋友的好处, 再转折.) However, we have to stress one point, that is, we make new friends easily, which can imply quickly and simply and consequently lead to diverse underlying shortages.

因此, 有朋友更好   - > 从一个角度来说, 意味着啥.  有很久朋友, 我们可以 (好处1 ). 毫不夸张地说, 即使我们xxx( 问题1), 我们也可以xx (解决问题1).  或许, 我们不能xxx  nor can we xxx. 但是一旦如何如何, 我们就可以xxx 

Therefore, it is more meaningful(rewarding) to gain(obtain) the ability to keep long-term friendships with a small majority(number) of people. From one (angle)perspective, it means(suggests) we may not own a lot of friends, but all of our friends will live(get along with) with us for many years and experience a lot, which hints the life along with them can be more comfortable.(   ) Having been friends for a long time, each of us gets a deep understanding of each other. Without any exaggeration, even though we have a simple facial expression without speaking, we can still swiftly understand their meaning. Maybe, we don't always smile all the time, nor can we accompany each other every day. But once one of us meets any problem, we will always be around(beside). Since we are fully familiar with each other, we can speak out everything we want; Similarly, we can keep silent when(as long as) we want. There is no need for more explanation. Such a relationship can be warm and optimal.  

另外, 朋友陪我们, 帮助我们获得成功. 是他们, 被认为真正的朋友, 因此, 他们从我们的角度考虑问题, 无论何时遇到问题, 他们保护我们, 提供解决方案.  相反. 作为容易得到的朋友, 他们就不会这么做. 另外, 在这个过程中, 我们可以从各个角度提升我们子集 , 毕竟,一时半会容易, 长期伪装难. 因此,  相处中, 不可避免暴露问题你, 我们可以revise然后进步. 

Furthermore, it is the friends who have been along with us for a long time who can truly help us to gain progress. It is they who can be regarded(deemed) as true friends. Thus, they will think(ponder) from our perspective(angle). Whenever(Each time) we are stuck in problems(get trapped in dilemma), they protect us indeed(sincerely secure us), provide an accurate solution for us. On the contrary, as for the easily get friends, it is difficult for them to do so. Besides, in the process of maintaining a long-term friendship, we could improve ourselves in various ways(from multiple dimensions). After all, it is easy to disguise(pretend) a perfect person in front of new friends in a short time, but keeping a disguise for a long time requires a lot. Consequently, during the period spent with each other, we are inevitable to showcase our weaknesses; then we could revise and make progress.

### 全篇 的逻辑

Nowadays, with the development of the economy, more and more people tend to work quickly and risk making mistakes.(陈述故事 )

Is that   so important, even if it is unlikely that xx? It is a hot topic. When it comes to the question, people's views vary from one to another. Some people assert that we do not need to care about these things, while others hold a different view. From my perspective, xxx   it might be possible that the number of cars is constantly growing in twenty years. 

 Undoubtedly, xxxx has some advantages. Just imagine when一个场景 .   作用1 . After all, if   场景2,we will.   Moreover, 观点1 also means that  缺点1 ( spend a lot of time , which can be used to  这个很好用) Specifically, 举一个例子.  In contrast, 如果不这样那么好处1 .  To some extent, the argument seems to be perfect. However, we have to stress one point, and that is, we attach less importance to 观点, which can imply simplicity and consequently lead to diverse underlying shortages. 

Therefore, it is more meaningful to 观点2 . From one angle, 解释观点2 it suggests that we may not , but xxx . If 一个场景, we will xxx.   Without any exaggeration, 好处1 .  Maybe, we don't 让步1,  But once xxx. 因为有这个, 所以好处2.  Similarly, 好处3, 

Furthermore , 好处, Thus, we could ponder from another sperspective  On the contrary, 对比 . Besides, in the process of doing sth 我们还可以xx.  After all,   因此, Consequently,xx 

Everyone has his own ideas. At the same time, as an old saying goes, Each coin has two sides. In consequence, I do not absolutely believe that my idea is the best one and compel people to reach a consensus on the issue. It is, just for me, I am prone to take 观点1  as a priority.

### 范文

Is that the events happening around the world so important, even if it is unlikely that they will affect our daily life?(或者可以先解释一下汽车是什么. ) It is a hot topic. When it comes to the question, people's views vary from one to another. Some assert that we don't need to care about these things, while others hold a different view about this action. From my perspective, we need to pay attention to news from aboard. 
Undoubtedly, ignoring events that don't affect your daily life has some advantages. Just imagine when others are reading the newspapers, we can carefully read our textbook so that we may get a good grade in the final exam. **This can improve** our major skills. **After all**, if the universities make some new policies, we will have a deep understanding of them than our classmates who usually think about things unrelated to our lives. **Moreover**, reading these events from social media **also means that** we spend a lot of time, which can be used to work out in the gym or playground. **Specifically**, when we watching our mobile phones day and night, if there, the time can be wasted. By contrast, if we use valuable time to exercise, we can be healthier and happier. **To some extent, the argument seems to be perfect. However, we have to stress one point, and that is, with the use of money, we are attaching less importance to things unrelated to our lives, which can imply simplicity and consequently lead to diverse underlying shortages.**
Therefore, it is more meaningful to gain information all over the world. **From one angle**, it suggests that we may not dive into one thing, but all of our knowledge can make us wise and accurate. If we follow new events for a long time, we will get a deep understanding of the economy. **Without any exaggeration,** even though we have simple views of these things, we can still recall it quickly when we meet specific problems. **Maybe**, we don't always use this information all the time, nor can we share these ideas with our friends. **But once** one of us meets any problem, we will make full use of this information. **Since** we have a broad horizon, we can deal with various problems. **Similarly,** we will have more preparation for a future challenge.

**Furthermore**, it is foreign news that brings society fancy innovations. It really gives us valuable experience. **Thus,** we could think(ponder) from another perspective, whenever we are stuck in problems, this information helps us, provides a new solution for us. **On the contrary**, as for the old knowledge, it cannot give us some excellent ideas. **Besides,** in the process of collecting news around the world, we could improve ourselves in multiple dimensions. After all, it is easy to stay in our comfort zone for a long time, but finding a brand new idea requires a lot. **Consequently**, we can find our weaknesses, then we can revise and make progress.
Everyone has his own ideas. At the same time, as an old saying goes," Each coin has two sides" In consequence, I don't absolutely believe that my idea is the best one and compel people to reach a consensus on the issue. It is, just for me, I am prone to take the ability to maintain a friendship for long as a priority.

