学术讨论写作模拟课堂上的论坛讨论，由一位教授给出讨论话题，并由两名同学分别给出自己的观点。在阅读完这三段文字之后，考生给出自己对于这个话题的观点（不少于100词），对讨论作出贡献。**Task共计10分钟**（从题目出现开始）。

https://www.ets.org/toefl/ibt-enhancements/prep.html#accordion-403693c572-item-c2c0972d49

可以练习, 有评分, 记得复制出来不然评分了就不能看自己的文章了.

4.0 . 25分

#### 要求

clearly state or elaborate on a position or argument.

show accurate and meaningful use of a range of grammatical structures and vocabulary in the academic context.

相关的, 有解释, 有例子, 有说明. 

To be specific 加强一下连贯性.

#### 范文1

应该pay. 

因为 可以磨练技术, 提高效率.  如果不磨练. 

应该pay. 因为有助于提高顾客满意程度, 提高收入. 

As far as I am concerned, I tend to be in favor of the argument that companies ought to devote money to ongoing employee training. This choice would lead to some significant benefits. 

First and foremost, just as Kelly has said, the ongoing traning would improve the relationship between employees and employers, which might create a harmonious working environment. A better working environment would lead to a higher working efficiency, and consequently, benefits the whole company. 

In addition, the continuous employee training, undoubtedly, can enhance the worker's capabilities. To be specific, they can learn more knowledge and master more skills during the process. In that case, they are able to find out what they are good at or not, thus finding their proper positions in the company. As a result, they might be able to make more contributions to the company. 

It is true that companies need to save their resources for some unavoidable things, like Andrew said, but with the skilled and talented workers brought up by the training, this would never be a problem.



#### 模版

As far as I am concerned, I tend to be in favor of the argument that xxx ought to xxx. This choice would lead to some significant benefits. 

First and foremost, just as Kelly has said, the xxx would improve the relationship between employees and employers, which might create a harmonious working environment. A better working environment would lead to higher working efficiency and, consequently, benefits the whole company. (延伸别人的说法)

In addition, the continuous xxx, undoubtedly, can enhance the worker's capabilities. To be specific, they can learn more knowledge and master more skills during the process. In that case, they are able to find out what they are good at or not, thus finding their proper positions in the company. As a result, they might be able to make more contributions to the company. 

It is true that companies need to save their resources for some unavoidable things like  xx  said, but with the skilled and talented workers brought up by the training, this would never be a problem.



